{
  "name": "@fua/resource.ontology.tm-forum",
  "version": "0.0.0-dev",
  "description": "",
  "exports": {
    ".": {
      "require": "./src/load.js"
    }
  },
  "files": [
    "src/*",
    "data/*"
  ],
  "devDependencies": {
    "expect": "26.x",
    "mocha": "10.x",
    "@fua/core.assert": "^1.0.0",
    "@fua/core.async": "^1.0.0",
    "@fua/core.tty": "^1.0.0",
    "@fua/core.objects": "^1.0.0",
    "@fua/module.rdf": "^1.0.0",
    "@fua/module.persistence": "^1.0.0",
    "@fua/module.subprocess": "^1.0.0"
  },
  "scripts": {
    "test": "mocha"
  },
  "mocha": {
    "bail": false,
    "recursive": false,
    "spec": "test/*.test.js"
  },
  "repository": {
    "type": "git",
    "url": "ssh://git@github.com:nicosResearchAndDevelopment/fua.resource.ontology.tm-forum.git"
  },
  "author": "Simon Petrac <pfoerdie@gmail.com>",
  "license": "MIT"
}